Before you begin the next lesson,
there are a few more things to keep in mind.
The "Counseling, Performance, and Grievances" module is made
up of the 22 lessons listed on the screen.
Apart from this introduction and the module's conclusion,
each lesson covers a single article in the Master Agreement.
You do not have to take these lessons in order.
You must review each page of a lesson for it to be marked completed.
If you exit a lesson before completing it,
your page will be bookmarked so you can pick up where you left
off when you return.
The instructional content for each of these "article lessons"
will take you an average of 4-5 minutes to complete.
So at a minimum, you can expect to complete this module in a
about 97 minutes.
Remember that each lesson will provide you with an opportunity
to read an article in its entirety,
so be sure to include some time to "read the contract!"
It will take you about two hours and 20 minutes to read the 20
articles in this module.
Once you have completed all the lessons in "Counseling,
Performance, and Grievances," you will be required to take an
evaluation to earn your Certificate of Completion for
the module.
You're now ready to exit this lesson and to begin another one!